Helper methods to check if specific Tribe plugins are active (#1333)
moderntribe/tribe-common: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [4.12.1] 2020-04-20 =

> * Feature - Added a helper method to check if a given plugin is active. Usually a Modern Tribe plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Feature - Added a helper method `Tribe__Plugins::is_active( 'slug' )` to check if a given plugin is active.
```
